Fix links in Legacy_Application_Management_Cheat_Sheet.md (#1548)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/Legacy_Application_Management_Cheat_Sheet.md

**Inventory Management:** Start by compiling documentation identifying the legacy applications used by your organization including version numbers, date of production, and relevant configuration settings. Ideally, this will include details regarding what network hosts need to be situated on to reach the application and associated infrastructure. A record of the services running on infrastructure used for hosting the application and/or for data storage should also be outlined. In some circumstances documentation could include information about the physical location of and permitted access to servers associated with the application. Organizations might opt to generate a formal SBOM (Software Bill of Materials) as part of this process. SBOMs serve a useful role when an application relies on third-party dependencies in order to function.

> **Risk Assessment and Threat Modeling:** Ensure your organization has a clear understanding of the level of risk and the kinds of threats theoretically posed by using the legacy application and its specific components (e.g. specific API routes or open ports on hosting infrastructure). This may be informed by formal or informal threat-modeling of an application, as described in the [Threat Modeling Cheat Sheet](/cheatsheets/Threat_Modeling_Cheat_Sheet.html). Qualifying the risk posed by legacy software might also be aided by using an industry standard risk assessment framework, such as the NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) [Risk Management Framework](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/risk-management). There are many threat modeling and risk assessment frameworks and tools that have different strengths and weaknesses.

Reviewer: Thank you for fixing these! Because of the build process automation, the way we formulate the links is as below:
Essentially the mistake here is the "/" before the cheat sheet name.

```suggestion
**Risk Assessment and Threat Modeling:** Ensure your organization has a clear understanding of the level of risk and the kinds of threats theoretically posed by using the legacy application and its specific components (e.g. specific API routes or open ports on hosting infrastructure). This may be informed by formal or informal threat-modeling of an application, as described in the [Threat Modeling Cheat Sheet](Threat_Modeling_Cheat_Sheet.md). Qualifying the risk posed by legacy software might also be aided by using an industry standard risk assessment framework, such as the NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) [Risk Management Framework](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/risk-management). There are many threat modeling and risk assessment frameworks and tools that have different strengths and weaknesses.
```

Author: Sneaky.. take two committed :D
